remove mention of building blocks and blocks from documentation (#1660)
open-contracting/standard: docs/guidance/map/extensions.md

# Extensions

> OCDS provides a common core of [sections](../../schema/reference.md#release-structure) and [objects](../../schema/reference.md#object-reference) for describing contracting (or planning) processes.

Reviewer: See suggested changes to `reference.md`.

```suggestion
OCDS provides a common core of [sections](../../schema/reference.md#release-structure) and [sub-schemas](../../schema/reference.md#sub-schema-reference) for describing contracting (or planning) processes.
```

> OCDS provides a common core of [sections](../../schema/reference.md#release-structure) and [subschemas](../../schema/reference.md#subschema-reference) for describing contracting (or planning) processes.

Reviewer: Per https://github.com/open-contracting/standard-development-handbook/issues/285#issuecomment-1858423415

```suggestion
OCDS provides a common core of [fields](../../schema/reference.md#release-structure) and [subschemas](../../schema/reference.md#subschema-reference) for describing contracting (or planning) processes.
```
